Charlie Francesconi, Jarod Scribner, and Matthew Chung
CSE 143 D
What did you learn during this project?
	During this project we have learned a lot about utilizing the skills we’ve gained throughout the 
    course in order to develop something from our own inspiration. We’ve also learned a lot about how
    to work together as a team whereas throughout the course we mainly worked individually. We learned
    how important communication is in team projects and how important it is to decide on formats for code
    before starting the coding process. Taking on this project took a lot of skills which we learned
    throughout the process that even went beyond the skills from the course from working out logistics
    to utilizing our own creativity for our success. 
What did you enjoy during this project?
	We enjoyed the freedom that the project gave us in deciding how and what we wanted to create for our
    program. Rather than taking on someone else’s inspiration, we came up with our own and in doing
    so we made something we were truly interested in with a topic that fascinated us. We also enjoyed the
    journey that took us to the end of the project. Although there were trials and tribulations, the
    friendships made along the way made it all worth it. 
What did you find challenging or frustrating during this project?
	The most challenging aspect of the project was taking everything every group member made and
    bringing it all together. While every class we made individually may have seemed to work how the
    group member saw it should have, everyone had slightly different views in the nitty gritty aspects
    of the code which made putting it all together extremely difficult. An additionally challenging part
    of the project was deciding what we wanted to do and selecting a topic that was neither too simple 
    or too complicated which stalled the beginning part of the project as we started and terminated multiple
    programs halfway into programming them.
What did you find particularly helpful for your learning during this project?
	One aspect that was particularly helpful for our learning in this project was coming together and
    talking about our problems whether it be through chat or discord voice calls. The group aspect of
    the project enabled us to see how each other approached a problem and gave us new perspectives on
    a problem that we may not have thought of otherwise. When we realized how to work as a group by 
    communicating and programming together progress went smoothly.

